Pd 1294 scrub all mentions of suggestion tickets from the docs hub (#2940)
truenas/documentation: static/includes/CreateFeatureRequest.md

&NewLine;

Want to see a new feature added to TrueNAS?
You can see and vote for community-proposed features in the TrueNAS Community Forum [Feature Requests](https://forums.truenas.com/c/features/) category.
This is the place to suggest improvements and feature functionality to be considered for addition to the TrueNAS development roadmap.

## Submitting and Voting for Requests
A TrueNAS forums account is required to submit or vote for feature suggestions.

To submit a new feature request, click **<i class="fa fa-plus" aria-hidden="true"></i> New Topic** in the top right of any forum screen
Enter a title that describes the requested improvement or new functionality.
Change the category tag to **Feature Requests**.
The body of the post populates a template.
Describe the **Problem/Justification**, **Impact**, and provide **User Story** for your request.
Click **<i class="fa fa-plus" aria-hidden="true"></i> Create Topic** to submit the request.

{{< trueimage src="/images/Contribute/FeatureRequest.png" alt="Submit a Feature Request" id="Submit a Feature Request" >}}

> To vote for a Feature Request, open that thread use the **Vote** button in the top left corner, next to the title.

Reviewer: feature request in this case is not a proper noun, and it is talking about it in a general sense and not the form name, so lower case.
```suggestion
To vote for a feature request, open that thread then click **Vote** at the top left corner, next to the title.
```

{{< trueimage src="/images/Contribute/FeatureRequestVote.png" alt="Vote for a Feature Request" id="Vote for a Feature Request" >}}

> Each forum user has a limited number of votes that can be cast for items at any given time.

Reviewer: Active voice/present tense suggested change
```suggestion
Each forum user can cast a limited number of votes for items at any given time.
```

> The higher your Trust Level, the more votes you can cast.

Reviewer: not a proper noun so lower case
```suggestion
The higher your trust Level, the more votes you can cast.
```

> The number of votes based on Trust Level is as follows:

Reviewer: not a proper noun
```suggestion
The number of votes based on trust level is as follows:
```

{{< truetable >}}
| Trust Level | Votes |
|-----------|-------------|
| 0 | 2 |
| 1 | 4 |
| 2 | 6 |
| 3 | 8 |
| 4 | 10 |
{{< /truetable >}}

Votes on a topic are kept until either you remove the vote manually or the topic is closed.

> Topics are closed periodically as they are reviewed and either accepted or rejected based on their merit and feasibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Topics are closed periodically after they are reviewed and either accepted or rejected based on their merit and feasibility.
```

## What is a good feature request?

Before creating a new feature request, it is important to take some time to think through the implementation and user story.

> A good feature request includes details about the functionality being added, if there is a UI component, and a detailed user story about how a TrueNAS user might interact with the said feature.

Reviewer: not a fan of this phrasing, so what about this?
```suggestion
A good feature request includes details about the functionality requested, if it involves a UI component, and a detailed user story describing how a TrueNAS user might interact with the proposed feature.
```
